something real quick just because i'm
going to show i want to document / say
this and show it to you i'm super
excited I think my eyebrows have grown
out enough where I'm going to be able to
do have them arch tomorrow so I'm so
excited I don't know I'm just super
excited about getting then y'all know
it's been I've been rapping about it for
a while you know and I usually want
something like that happens and
something annoys me I just cannot wait
it out and I wound up doing something
like when I let my hair grow out all 21
link I it took me forever to let my
things go out because they would get so
long and I couldn't do nothing with them
when I they were always pulled back and
it drove me nuts i can't do anything
cute with them and i would Ted so I was
afraid that's what I was going to do
with my eyebrows and I've been able to
let them grow out so I'm excited about
getting marched that anyway it's here
they are big ol bushy things I've been
trying to don't know if the camera is
picking out too good but I've been
trying to define them so that it's not
so noticeable big mmm yeah not so much
you could still tell
on my blog video I had stated that i was
going to get my eyebrows waxed and get
them arched and that i was going to edit
in an actor video well I did something
and I deleted it from my from my camera
I did record it but I deleted it so
unfortunately you won't be able to get
to see she used a powder on my lashes or
on my brows sorry to define them
afterwards and one of the things that I
wanted to ask for me all I kind of felt
like it was a little too dark but I
wasn't sure and I wanted to get y'all's
opinion on it but obviously I can't do
that now I didn't get them waxed I got
them threaded now I did not intend on
getting them threaded I was interested
in getting on threaded I didn't want to
do it but the place that I had went the
reason why i went there and it was
really in an awkward place actually it
was in the mall in a kiosk you know
where as well boost that sits out in the
aisles where you walk it was pretty
professional i mean they had the
professional chairs that were leaned
back and everything you know but you
know a little awkward getting a center
getting your eyes for in front of
hundreds of people walking by but the
reason why i chose that place was
because they had charts of different
shapes of the eyebrows and i had i have
difficulty explaining what it is i want
in those types of things and I thought
it would just be easier to be able to go
in and pick out a couple and asked them
what they thought was best for my eye
shape which I did and she picked out a
good shape it was pretty much my first
choice out of the two that i picked as
for threading
I'm probably going to get a lot of
questions on this I'll be more than
happy to answer them if I do get a lot
of questions I may just do a video but
just briefly I would say if it was on a
maintenance basis that it would not be
painful I will go back and do it again
but seeing as I had let my eyebrows grow
out so that I could have them arched and
I had you know bushy eyebrows it was
white okay give you a shot of the
eyebrows real quick and then I'll get a
question for you so can you see them now
when she first did it I kind of thought
that this one was arched more than this
one and I was really being OCD about it
to be honest with you but I don't feel
that in that way as much now i think
what found what it was was this side was
thinner at the end than this one and
I've been able to correct that with a
what brings me to my question for you
today I ran out of my maybelline define
a brow I kind of like the way that using
an eyeshadow or a powder defines your
brows better than a pencil because even
with the dupatta brow I would find if I
had a spot where my hair wasn't is thick
then that area kind of seemed to be less
defined if that makes any sense a little
hard to explain but with powder it's
even it just it looks a lot better to me
so I am wanting to try either a powder
set for your balls or an eyeshadow and
since I'm out of my define a brow this
is what I tried today it's my hip
roaring set and i used the brown side
now it's kind of a dark brown to be
honest but to me kind of has a little
hint of a
on tone to it so I pulled my hair up so
that you could kind of see because my
highlights are growing out so I want you
to kind of see my natural color in case
I decide not to redo my highlights and I
just want you to look again and I'm
going to try to stay a little bit
further from the camera so you can see
my hair color with it but just let me
know do you think this color is too dark
for my skin tone or you know for my hair
because if not to be honest with you
this side of the of the hip duo I don't
like that color as far as an eye shadow
so this would be a perfect you sport so
again just let me know if you think it's
too dark or what have you so I think
that's all I've got for today